# How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
The python_code I created has been really helpful throughout this course. This helps me realize that creating one decent maintainable and adaptable code can make life so much easier in the future
The advantage of using this module is to accomplish DRY--Don't Repeat Yourself. One code that fits most situation would be beneficial and helpful if the project is large. It is also helpful when unit testing is needed constantly
This CRUD module could be omnipotent as long as I am using a database within mongosh
# How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
First and foremost is to understand what the user needs. Sometimes just by reading the requirement documentation does not give me too much idea about what the user really needs. I usually would like to play around with my code and gradually discover what's hidden between the words of the user requirements
For this course specifically, a combination of unix, mongosh, and python gives me a brand new idea of combining different languages together. The dashboard also gives me some ideas of how to add widgets into a webpage I have designed
One technique I would use is to put myself in the user's shoes and think what do I really want out of this project. By thinking from user's perspective, I can have a better understanding about user's need
# What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
Computer scientists receive, analyze, and manipulate data. Since the world is mostly data-driven, the ability to obtain data and analyze data is critically important. My work on this project could help Grazioso Salvare to directly visualize their own database and expedite their research on what needs to be improved in the future.
